`veneer` QuickStart documentation (#978)
operator-framework/operator-registry: alpha/veneer/basic/README.md

### Basic Veneer

> The `basic veneer` is an input schema which eliminates FBC information that can be retrieved from existing registries when we process it.

Author: It resolves the bundle image references via registry lookup, yes.

> Users provide all existing elements of an FBC, but supply only the bundle image reference for any `olm.bundle` objects.  This results in a greatly simplified, smaller document.

Author: updated on doc PR

> To simplify operation with File-Based Catalogs (FBCs), we can first offer the option to eliminate information which can be retrieved from existing registries when we generate the FBC. The `basic veneer` is an input schema which is effectively a subset of an FBC with support to do just this. Users of the `basic veneer` can provide all existing elements of an FBC, but short-hand the `olm-bundle` objects, requiring only the bundle image reference and greatly reducing the size/complexity of the resulting document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `basic veneer` is an input schema to simplify working with File-Based Catalogs (FBCs). It acts like a subset of an FBC with support to do just this. The `basic veneer` reduces the size and complexity of the resulting FBC removing redundant information which can be retrieved from existing registries.   Users add the existing elements of an FBC along with the bundle image reference to shorthand the required `olm-bundle` objects. 
```
Maybe this changes the intended meaning too much. Please feel free to disregard if it isn't helpful.

Author: You're absolutely right that the verbiage there needs de-tangling and simplification.  
I took another swing at it with that intent.  PTAL and let's see if we can converge.

Reviewer: Awesome! LGTM!

> In a very simple example, we define a simple `olm.package` and an `olm.channel` composed of two `olm.bundle` objects which have an image name attribute but no other attributes/properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a very simple example, we define an `olm.package` and an `olm.channel` composed of two `olm.bundle` objects that have an image name attribute but no other attributes/properties.
```

Author: I de-simpled the excessively simple-adorned simple sentence, simplifying to simpler structure with a desired dearth of 'simple's.  
;)
